chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/restartice/index.md

transmissions continue uninterrupted during this process.

For details about how ICE restart works, see

> the [ICE restart](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Session_lifetime#ice_restart) section and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ICE restart](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Session_lifetime#ice_restart) and
```

> [Lifetime of a WebRTC session, ICE restart](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Session_lifetime#ice_restart) and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [ICE restart](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Session_lifetime#ice_restart) section and
```
